# Rough Editor

It's a little program that I'm developing to help me make compilations a lot easier.

# How I want it to work

You feed the program an url of a Youtube playlist. It then downloads the subtitles for all of the videos. You can then say what phrase you want to splice (you can also search using regex).
It then downloads only nessesery files, though you can tell programm to download all of them if you want to do more compilations. You can tell what quality do you want to have - 720, 1080 or higher.
You can choose how much breathing room you want to leave; how much of the clip around the searched phrase you want ( if you want to give more context)
Program splices together the tracks and your rough edit is done. You don't need to watch hours of footage or search through subtitles to find what you want to include in the compilation.

# How it works at the moment

The Rough Editor contains a few loosely couples scripts.
* clean.sh cleanes up the files before running gen-script.py if you've run gen-script.py before.
* convert.sh converts the subtitles from .vtt to .srt, because only the latter is supported at the moment. I'm considering switching to .vtt or at the very least start supporting the format.
* download.sh download all of the subtites and then all of the .mp4 files
* gen-script.py generates a bash script which uses ffmpeg to edit out all of the clips where X says Y
* run.sh runs the scripts which were generated by gen-script.py

The program expect a certain structure of files at the moment.


# TODO

The program (I think expects files named 01.mp4, 02.mp4 etc)
Make the program run differenly if the files are .mp4 and .mkv
Support downloading only nessessary files. Will have to use a web script to generate a text file with a list of all of the videos in a Youtube playlist using web scriping with Python.
Add exception handling in gen-script.py